Docs: Update 'tag' documentation (#3632)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: docs/network protocol.md

| checksum            | str            | A checksum hash of this game's data.                                                                                          |

### Tags
Tags are represented as a list of strings, the common client tags follow:

| Name       | Notes                                                                                                                             |
|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| AP         | Signifies that this client is a reference client, its usefulness is mostly in debugging to compare client behaviours more easily. |

> | DeathLink  | Client participates in the DeathLink mechanic, therefore will send and receive DeathLink bounce packets                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DeathLink  | Client participates in the DeathLink mechanic, therefore will send and receive DeathLink bounce packets.                          |
```

> | HintGame\* | Special tag indicating the client is a hint game, made to send hints instead of locations. Special join/leave message.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HintGame\* | Indicates the client is a hint game, made to send hints instead of locations. Special join/leave message.                         |
```
Maybe?

Reviewer 2: The edit should be made for the other tags as well, but I do agree with the edit

Reviewer 2: Should be made for the other tags as well. I agree with the edit/change

> Tags are represented as a list of strings, the common client tags follow:
> 
> | Name       | Notes                                                                                                                             |
> |------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | AP         | Signifies that this client is a reference client, its usefulness is mostly in debugging to compare client behaviours more easily. |
> | DeathLink  | Client participates in the DeathLink mechanic, therefore will send and receive DeathLink bounce packets.                          |
> | HintGame\* | Indicates the client is a hint game, made to send hints instead of locations. Special join/leave message.                         |
> | Tracker\*  | Indicates the client is a tracker, made to track instead of sending locations. Special join/leave message.                        |
> | TextOnly\* | Indicates the client is a basic client, made to chat instead of sending locations. Special join/leave message.                    |
> 
> \*When specified and used with empty or null `game` in [Connect](#connect), game and game's version validation will be skipped.

Author: @black-sliver @Exempt-Medic What about something like this instead (splitting these into a second table, with the shared special behaviors listed above?)
(I considered footnotes; putting the details at the bottom of the *entire document* instead of at the bottom of that heading seemed odd to me. I could just move the \* as well, but, this feels a bit clearer/more explicit?)
```suggestion
Tags are represented as a list of strings. Some common client tags follow:

| Name       | Notes                                                                                                                             |
|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| AP         | Signifies that this client is a reference client, its usefulness is mostly in debugging to compare client behaviours more easily. |
| DeathLink  | Client participates in the DeathLink mechanic, therefore will send and receive DeathLink bounce packets.                          |

Additionally, 'Client Type' tags indicate something special about your client. These tags have additional special behaviors:
- When specified and used with empty or null `game` in [Connect](#connect), game and game's version validation will be skipped.
- Displays a special join/leave message for the client. (If multiple Client Type tags are specified, the tag higher on the list below takes priority)

Available Client Type tags:
| Name      | Description                                                                        |
|-----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| HintGame  | Indicates the client is a hint game, made to send hints instead of locations.      |
| Tracker   | Indicates the client is a tracker, made to track instead of sending locations.     |
| TextOnly  | Indicates the client is a basic client, made to chat instead of sending locations. |
```

Reviewer: What I've been thinking is either

|Name|Description|
|----|-----------|
|HintGame [^1][^2]|Indicates ...|
|Tracker [^1][^2]|Indicates ...|
|TextOnly [^1][^2]|Indicates ...|

[^1]: Adds a special join/leave message
[^2]: For Connect, `game` may be empty or `null`, in which case `game` is not checked

or

|Name|Description|
|----|-----------|
|HintGame|Indicates ... Special join/leave message[^3]. Makes `game` optional[^4]|
|Tracker|Indicates ... Special join/leave message[^3]. Makes `game` optional[^4]||
|TextOnly|Indicates ... Special join/leave message[^3]. Makes `game` optional[^4]||

[^3]: Shows a different message when a player joines or leaves
[^4]: For Connect, `game` may be empty or `null`, in which case `game` is not checked

Not sure if foot notes are actually ideal for the user, alternatively you could go for inline with

|Name|Description|
|----|-----------|
|HintGame|Indicates ... Special join/leave message¹. Makes `game` optional²|
|Tracker|Indicates ... Special join/leave message¹. Makes `game` optional²||
|TextOnly|Indicates ... Special join/leave message¹. Makes `game` optional²||

¹: ...
²: ...

Reviewer: The problem with your approach is that there may be a client type tag that does not ignore game or not display a special message

Author: The issue with footnotes is that those references at the bottom, will be at the bottom of the ENTIRE document- the whole `.md`- not at the bottom of that heading. So those references are suddenly super far away from the relevant section. If I saw that in docs, I would frankly want to make a PR changing it *away* from what you are suggesting as I would find it confusing.

The manual superscript could work, though, I suppose. Not available rn to make changes though; any chance you could do that as a "suggestion" so I can just click to accept it?

Reviewer: I wasn't able to post a suggestion when you asked and then i forgot :sweat_smile: 
Below are 2 possible variations, I don't really have a preference.

> | AP         | Signifies that this client is a reference client, its usefulness is mostly in debugging to compare client behaviours more easily. |
> | DeathLink  | Client participates in the DeathLink mechanic, therefore will send and receive DeathLink bounce packets.                          |
> | HintGame\* | Indicates the client is a hint game, made to send hints instead of locations. Special join/leave message.                         |
> | Tracker\*  | Indicates the client is a tracker, made to track instead of sending locations. Special join/leave message.                        |
> | TextOnly\* | Indicates the client is a basic client, made to chat instead of sending locations. Special join/leave message.                    |
> 
> \*When specified and used with empty or null `game` in [Connect](#connect), game and game's version validation will be skipped.

Reviewer: Variant 1:
```suggestion
| AP        | Signifies that this client is a reference client, its usefulness is mostly in debugging to compare client behaviours more easily.    |
| DeathLink | Client participates in the DeathLink mechanic, therefore will send and receive DeathLink bounce packets.                             |
| HintGame  | Indicates the client is a hint game, made to send hints instead of locations. Special join/leave message¹, `game` is optional².      |
| Tracker   | Indicates the client is a tracker, made to track instead of sending locations. Special join/leave message¹, `game` is optional².     |
| TextOnly  | Indicates the client is a basic client, made to chat instead of sending locations. Special join/leave message¹, `game` is optional². |

¹: When connecting or disconnecting, the chat message shows e.g. "tracking".
²: Allows `game` to be empty or null in [Connect](#connect). Game and version validation will then be skipped.
```

> | HintGame\* | Indicates the client is a hint game, made to send hints instead of locations. Special join/leave message.                         |
> | Tracker\*  | Indicates the client is a tracker, made to track instead of sending locations. Special join/leave message.                        |
> | TextOnly\* | Indicates the client is a basic client, made to chat instead of sending locations. Special join/leave message.                    |
> 
> \*When specified and used with empty or null `game` in [Connect](#connect), game and game's version validation will be skipped.

Reviewer: Variant 2:
```suggestion
| HintGame¹² | Indicates the client is a hint game, made to send hints instead of locations.                                                     |
| Tracker¹²  | Indicates the client is a tracker, made to track instead of sending locations.                                                    |
| TextOnly¹² | Indicates the client is a basic client, made to chat instead of sending locations.                                                |

¹: Shows special join/leave message, just as "... is tracking".
²: Allows `game` to be empty or null in [Connect](#connect). Game and version validation will then be skipped.
```

### Tags
Tags are represented as a list of strings, the common client tags follow:

| Name      | Notes                                                                                                                                |
|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| AP        | Signifies that this client is a reference client, its usefulness is mostly in debugging to compare client behaviours more easily.    |
| DeathLink | Client participates in the DeathLink mechanic, therefore will send and receive DeathLink bounce packets.                             |
| HintGame  | Indicates the client is a hint game, made to send hints instead of locations. Special join/leave message¹, `game` is optional².      |
| Tracker   | Indicates the client is a tracker, made to track instead of sending locations. Special join/leave message¹, `game` is optional².     |
| TextOnly  | Indicates the client is a basic client, made to chat instead of sending locations. Special join/leave message¹, `game` is optional². |

> ¹: When connecting or disconnecting, the chat message shows e.g. "tracking".

Reviewer: Somehow the line break got lost
```suggestion
¹: When connecting or disconnecting, the chat message shows e.g. "tracking".\
```
